what is happening what is all of this
she see that article every year these
liberal elites kidnap a bunch of normal
folks like us and haunt us for sports
the last I heard free speech still
exists don't first-amendment me it
wasn't real
[Music]
we were joking
there's been a killing spree you got to
come here right now you actually
believed we were hunting human beings
for sports but you are
we have an opportunity here to teach
these people
these are not real people they're actors
I'm playing an Arab refugee but I
identify as white
I think that's problematic too in some
way you wanted it to be real so you
decided it was
what kind of sick people would even
think of something like that white
people written worst
[Music]
you